# MySQL-UPDATE 
## 单表更新
语法
```sql
UPDATE [LOW_PRIORITY] [IGNORE] table_reference
    SET assignment_list
    [WHERE where_condition]
    [ORDER BY ...]
    [LIMIT row_count]

value:
    {expr | DEFAULT}

assignment:
    col_name = value

assignment_list:
    assignment [, assignment] ...
```

For the single-table syntax, the UPDATE statement updates columns of existing rows in the named table with new values. The SET clause indicates which columns to modify and the values they should be given. Each value can be given as an expression, or the keyword DEFAULT to set a column explicitly to its default value. The WHERE clause, if given, specifies the conditions that identify which rows to update. With no WHERE clause, all rows are updated. If the ORDER BY clause is specified, the rows are updated in the order that is specified. The LIMIT clause places a limit on the number of rows that can be updated.


## 多表更新(联表更新)
语法
```sql
UPDATE [LOW_PRIORITY] [IGNORE] table_references
    SET assignment_list
    [WHERE where_condition]
```
For the multiple-table syntax, UPDATE updates rows in each table named in table_references that satisfy the conditions. Each matching row is updated once, even if it matches the conditions multiple times. For multiple-table syntax, ORDER BY and LIMIT cannot be used.

where_condition is an expression that evaluates to true for each row to be updated. For expression syntax, see Section 11.5, “Expressions”.

table_references and where_condition are specified as described in [Section 15.2.13, “SELECT Statement”](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/select.html).

The FROM table_references clause indicates the table or tables from which to retrieve（取回）rows. If you name more than one table, you are performing a join. For information on join syntax, see [Section 15.2.13.2, “JOIN Clause”.](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/join.html) For each table specified, you can optionally specify an alias.
```sql
   tbl_name [[AS] alias] [index_hint]
```
> table_references 在 [Section 15.2.13, “SELECT Statement”](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/select.html) 描述了 table_references 的含义

## 参考资料
1. [https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/update.html](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.4/en/update.html)