# Data Type Storage Requirements
&nbsp;&nbsp;The storage requirements for table data on disk depend on several factors. Different storage engines represent data types and store raw data differently. Table data might be compressed, either for a column or an entire row, complicating<sup>并发；使复杂化</sup> the calculation<sup>n.计算，运算；估算，预测；算计，盘算</sup> of storage requirements for a table or column.

&nbsp;&nbsp;[**存储方式随不同的存储引擎的不同而不同，但API的交互是一样的。**]Despite<sup>尽管，即使；不由自主地，忍不住地</sup> differences in storage layout on disk, the internal MySQL APIs that communicate and exchange information about table rows use a consistent<sup>adj.
始终如一的，一贯的；持续的，连续的；固守的，坚持的；一致的，吻合的</sup> data structure that applies across all storage engines.

&nbsp;&nbsp;This section includes guidelines<sup>n.指导方针</sup> and information for the storage requirements for each data type supported by MySQL, including the internal format and size for storage engines that use a fixed-size representation for data types. Information is listed by category or storage engine.

&nbsp;&nbsp;[**BLOB TEXT是单独存储，行数据使用指针指向**]The internal representation<sup>n.代理人，代表；描绘，表现；表示，象征；表现物（尤指画或模型）；<正式>抗议，陈述；（感知理论用语）表象</sup> of a table has a maximum row size of 65,535 bytes, even if the storage engine is capable<sup>adj.有能力的；有本领的，能干的；可以……的，容许……的</sup> of supporting larger rows. This figure excludes BLOB or TEXT columns, which contribute only 9 to 12 bytes toward this size(<sub>这个数字不包括BLOB或TEXT列，它们只占这个大小的9到12个字节</sub>) .For BLOB and TEXT data, the information is stored internally in a different area of memory than the row buffer. Different storage engines handle the allocation and storage of this data in different ways, according to the method they use for handling the corresponding types. For more information, see Chapter 16, Alternative Storage Engines, and Section 8.4.7, “Limits on Table Column Count and Row Size”.

## InnoDB Table Storage Requirements
See Section 15.10, “[InnoDB Row Formats](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.2/en/innodb-row-format.html) OR [013.存储引擎内核/000.InnoDB/008.InnoDB的存储结构及存储逻辑-物理.md](./../013.存储引擎内核/000.InnoDB/008.InnoDB的存储结构及存储逻辑-物理.md)” for information about storage requirements for InnoDB tables.

## Numeric Type Storage Requirements
|Data Type	|Storage Required|
|---|---|
|TINYINT	|1 byte|
|SMALLINT	|2 bytes|
|MEDIUMINT	|3 bytes|
|INT, INTEGER	|4 bytes|
|BIGINT	|8 bytes
|FLOAT(p)	|4 bytes if 0 <= p <= 24, 8 bytes if 25 <= p <= 53|
|FLOAT	|4 bytes|
|DOUBLE [PRECISION], REAL	|8 bytes|
|DECIMAL(M,D), NUMERIC(M,D)	|Varies; see following discussion|
|BIT(M)	|approximately (M+7)/8 bytes|

&nbsp;&nbsp;
Values for DECIMAL (and NUMERIC) columns are represented using a binary format that packs nine decimal (base 10) digits into four bytes. Storage for the integer and fractional<sup>adj.部分的；[数] 分数的，小数的</sup> parts of each value are determined separately<sup>adv.单独地，分别地</sup>. Each multiple of nine digits requires four bytes, and the “leftover” digits require some fraction of four bytes. The storage required for excess digits is given by the following table.（DECIMAL (NUMERIC)的值使用二进制表示，该格式将9个十进制数打包到4个字节中。每个值的整数部分和小数部分分别存储。9位数的每个倍数需要4个字节，“剩余”的数字需要四个字节的一小部分。下表给出了多余数字所需要的存储空间:）

|Leftover Digits|	Number of Bytes|
|---|---|
|0|	0|
|1|	1|
|2|	1|
|3|	2|
|4|	2|
|5|	3|
|6|	3|
|7|	4|
|8|	4|

```txt
    啥意思？即9位数需要四个字节，但是如果没有达到9位数，那么需要多少字节呢
     > 1. 字段decimal(18,9)，18-9=9，这样整数部分和小数部分都是9，那两边分别占用4个字节； 
     > 2. 字段decimal(20,6)，20-6=14，其中小数部分为6，就对应上表中的3个字节，而整数部分为14，14-9=5，就是4个字节再加上表中的3个字节
     > 3. decimal(27,9) , 27 - 9 = 18, 那么小数位占4个字节，整数位:(18 / 9)*4 = 8字节
```


## Date and Time Type Storage Requirements
&nbsp;&nbsp;For TIME, DATETIME, and TIMESTAMP columns, the storage required for tables created before MySQL 5.6.4 differs from tables created from 5.6.4 on. This is due to a change in 5.6.4 that permits<sup>许可</sup> these types to have a fractional part, which requires from 0 to 3 bytes.

|Data Type	|Storage Required Before MySQL 5.6.4|	Storage Required as of MySQL 5.6.4|
|---|---|---|
|YEAR	|1 byte	|1 byte|
|DATE	|3 bytes|	3 bytes|
|TIME	|3 bytes|	3 bytes + fractional seconds storage|
|DATETIME	|8 bytes|	5 bytes + fractional seconds storage|
|TIMESTAMP	|4 bytes|	4 bytes + fractional seconds storage|

&nbsp;&nbsp;As of MySQL 5.6.4, storage for YEAR and DATE remains<sup>v.仍然是，保持不变；逗留，留下；剩余，余留（remain 的第三人称单数形式）</sup> unchanged. However, TIME, DATETIME, and TIMESTAMP are represented differently. DATETIME is packed more efficiently, requiring 5 rather than 8 bytes for the nonfractional part, and all three parts have a fractional part that requires from 0 to 3 bytes, depending on the fractional seconds precision<sup>n.精确（性），准确（性）；严谨，细致</sup> of stored values.

|Fractional Seconds Precision	|Storage Required|
|---|---|
|0	0| bytes|
|1, 2	|1 byte|
|3, 4|	2 bytes|
|5, 6	|3 bytes|

&nbsp;&nbsp;For example, TIME(0), TIME(2), TIME(4), and TIME(6) use 3, 4, 5, and 6 bytes, respectively. TIME and TIME(0) are equivalent and require the same storage.

## String Type Storage Requirements
&nbsp;&nbsp;In the following table, M represents the declared column length in characters for nonbinary string types and bytes for binary string types. L represents the actual length in bytes of a given string value.

|Data Type	|Storage Required|
|---|---|
|CHAR(M)	|The compact family of InnoDB row formats optimize storage for variable-length character sets. See [COMPACT Row Format Storage Characteristics](./../013.存储引擎内核/000.InnoDB/008.InnoDB的存储结构及存储逻辑-物理.md). Otherwise, M × w bytes, <= M <= 255, where w is the number of bytes required for the maximum-length character in the character set.|
|BINARY(M)	|M bytes, 0 <= M <= 255|
|VARCHAR(M), VARBINARY(M)	|L + 1 bytes if column values require 0 − 255 bytes, L + 2 bytes if values may require more than 255 bytes|
|TINYBLOB, TINYTEXT	|L + 1 bytes, where L < 2^8|
|BLOB, TEXT|	L + 2 bytes, where L < 2^16|
|MEDIUMBLOB, MEDIUMTEXT	|L + 3 bytes, where L < 2^24|
|LONGBLOB, LONGTEXT	|L + 4 bytes, where L < 2^32|
|ENUM('value1','value2',...)	|1 or 2 bytes, depending on the number of enumeration values (65,535 values maximum)|
|SET('value1','value2',...)	|1, 2, 3, 4, or 8 bytes, depending on the number of set members (64 members maximum)|

&nbsp;&nbsp;[**可变长度字符串存储：实际长度+前缀长度**]Variable-length string types are stored using a length prefix plus data. The length prefix requires from one to four bytes depending on the data type, and the value of the prefix is L (the byte length of the string). For example, storage for a MEDIUMTEXT value requires L bytes to store the value plus three bytes to store the length of the value.

&nbsp;&nbsp;[**当字符串包含多字节字符，字符串的所需的存储空间需要带入字符集计算**] To calculate the number of bytes used to store a particular<sup>adj.特定的，某一的；格外的，特别的；讲究的，挑剔的；特殊的，独特的；详细的，详尽的</sup> CHAR, VARCHAR, or TEXT column value, you must take into account the character set used for that column and whether the value contains multibyte characters. In particular, when using a UTF-8 Unicode character set, you must keep in mind that not all characters use the same number of bytes. utf8mb3 and utf8mb4 character sets can require up to three and four bytes per character, respectively<sup>adv.分别地，依次地</sup>. For a breakdown of the storage used for different categories of utf8mb3 or utf8mb4 characters, see Section 10.9, “Unicode Support”.(有关不同类别utf8mb3或utf8mb4字符所使用的存储的详细信息，请参见第10.9节“Unicode Support”。)

&nbsp;&nbsp;VARCHAR, VARBINARY, and the BLOB and TEXT types are variable-length types. For each, the storage requirements depend on these factors:
- The actual length of the column value
- The column's maximum possible length
- The character set used for the column, because some character sets contain multibyte characters

&nbsp;&nbsp;For example, a VARCHAR(255) column can hold a string with a maximum length of 255 characters. Assuming that the column uses the latin1 character set (one byte per character), the actual storage required is the length of the string (L), plus one byte to record the length of the string. For the string 'abcd', L is 4 and the storage requirement is five bytes. If the same column is instead declared to use the ucs2 double-byte character set, the storage requirement is 10 bytes: The length of 'abcd' is eight bytes and the column requires two bytes to store lengths because the maximum length is greater than 255 (up to 510 bytes).

&nbsp;&nbsp;The effective maximum number of bytes that can be stored in a VARCHAR or VARBINARY column is subject to the maximum row size of 65,535 bytes, which is shared among all columns. For a VARCHAR column that stores multibyte characters, the effective maximum number of characters is less<sup>adv.更少地，程度较低地</sup>. For example, utf8mb4 characters can require up<sup>up to: 直到;达到;最多;</sup> to four bytes per character, so a VARCHAR column that uses the utf8mb4 character set can be declared to be a maximum of 16,383 characters.  See Section 8.4.7, “Limits on Table Column Count and Row Size”.

&nbsp;&nbsp;InnoDB encodes fixed-length fields greater than or equal to 768 bytes in length as variable-length fields, which can be stored off-page. For example, a CHAR(255) column can exceed 768 bytes if the maximum byte length of the character set is greater than 3, as it is with utf8mb4.(<sub>InnoDB将大于或等于768字节的固定长度字段编码为可变长度字段，可以存储在页外。例如，如果字符集的最大字节长度大于3，那么CHAR(255)列可以超过768字节，就像utf8mb4一样。</sub>)

---

## 附录
### UCS2
&nbsp;&nbsp;UCS2（Universal Multiple-Octet Coded Character Set）是一种使用2个字节（16位）表示Unicode字符集的编码方式，它能够表示Unicode字符集中的所有字符。

#### EN
```txt
  subject
  n.主题，话题；学科，科目，课程；主语；（绘画、摄影等的）主题，题材；实验对象；（批评、学习、调查的）对象；国民；起因；（逻）主词，主项，主概念；（乐）主旋律；（哲）主体，主观；中心实体
  v.使臣服，征服，压服；使经受，使遭受
  adj.隶属的，臣服的；可能受……影响的，易遭受……的；受……支配的，服从于……的；取决于，视……而定

  among
  prep.在……当中，周围是；与……在一起；……之一；在……群体中；为……所共有；彼此间；以及
```

---
## 参考资料
1. [https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.2/en/storage-requirements.html](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.2/en/storage-requirements.html)
